validate:

* ./out/out_271:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_272:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_273:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_274:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_275:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_276:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_277:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_278:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_279:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_280:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_281:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_282:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_283:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_284:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_285:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_286:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_287:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_288:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_289:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_290:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit

* ./out/out_291:
valid operations performed
number of operations verified
all targets hit
